document include mods limitation (#193)
metomi/fab: docs/source/features.rst

There may be duplicates earlier in the build process. For example, there may two versions of a module,
each wrapped in a `#ifdef` so that one of them is empty after preprocessing (empty files are ignored during analysis).
Another approach is to use file filtering in the :class:`~fab.steps.find_source_files.FindSourceFiles` step.

Fortran Include Folders and Incremental Build
--------------------------------------------

> Fab generates a hash of mod file dependencies, and notices if a dependency changes, triggering a recompile.
> However, it can only currently do this for mods inside the project workspace (or source_root override).
> It will *not* notice if a mod changes in an include folder elsewhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fab generates a hash of Fortran `*.mod` file dependencies, and notices if a dependency changes, triggering a recompile.
However, it can only currently do this for Fortran `*.mod` files inside the project workspace (or source_root override).
It will *not* notice if a Fortran `*.mod` changes in an include folder elsewhere.
```
